API ML: Adding info about APIML_ATTLS_LOAD_KEYRING (#4669)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/configuring-at-tls-for-zowe-server.md

Zowe v3 includes a new component named ZAAS (Zowe Authentication and Authorization Service). In AT-TLS-aware mode, calls to this service are all internal between API ML components. These must include the X.509 Client Certificate.
:::

> ### AT-TLS with ICSF Hardware keyring

Author: Done

> If using AT-TLS with a z/OS Keyring backed by an ICSF hardware module, the only supported configuration is Zowe with z/OSMF authentication provider in JWT mode.
> An LTPA token, SAF provider and Personal Access Tokens (PAT) cannot be used in this configuration because API ML cannot access the hardware key to sign the tokens.
> Also, ensure you set the `APIML_ATTLS_LOAD_KEYRING` environment variable to `true` to prevent API ML from trying to read the keyring.
> 
> If you want to use LTPA, SAF provider, or Personal Access Tokens you can configure zowe.yaml to use a keyring that is different from the one in AT-TLS, one that is not backed by an ICSF hardware module.

Reviewer: I'd use items here

```suggestion
API Mediation Layer cannot currently read private keys if they are backed in a hardware module. When using AT-TLS with a z/OS Keyring backed by an ICSF hardware module, use one of the following options:

#### Prevent API Mediation Layer from reading the private key

Set `environments.APIML_ATTLS_LOAD_KEYRING: true` in zowe.yaml to prevent API Mediation Layer from loading the keyring.

The only supported configuration is Zowe with z/OSMF authentication provider in JWT mode.
This mode requires both server and client AT-TLS enabled in zowe.yaml with full coverage of Inbound and Outbound rules.

**Note:** z/OSMF LTPA token, SAF native authentication provider and Personal Access Tokens (PAT) cannot be used in this configuration due to lack of a private key.

#### Use an alternative non-hardware keyring

Since handshakes are handled by AT-TLS, API Mediation Layer only requires a private key access to sign its own tokens when the configuration requires it:

- Personal Access Tokens
- SAF native provider (API ML signs its own JWT token in this scenario)
- z/OSMF in LTPA mode: in this scenario z/OSMF does not issue a JWT, so API ML signs a JWT that contain the LTPA token.
```

Author: Done. Thanks for your suggestion! It provides better clarity for users

:::

### Limitations when using AT-TLS with ICSF Hardware keyring

API Mediation Layer cannot currently read private keys if they are backed in a hardware module. When using AT-TLS with a z/OS Keyring backed by an ICSF hardware module, use one of the following options:

#### 1. Prevent API Mediation Layer from reading the private key

Set `environments.APIML_ATTLS_LOAD_KEYRING: true` in zowe.yaml to prevent API Mediation Layer from loading the keyring.
The only supported configuration is Zowe with z/OSMF authentication provider in JWT mode.
This mode requires both server and client AT-TLS enabled in zowe.yaml with full coverage of Inbound and Outbound rules.

**Note:** z/OSMF LTPA token, SAF native authentication provider and Personal Access Tokens (PAT) cannot be used in this configuration due to lack of a private key.

#### 2. Use an alternative non-hardware keyring

Since handshakes are handled by AT-TLS, API Mediation Layer only requires a private key access to sign its own tokens when the configuration requires it:

> - Personal Access Tokens

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused as to what this bulleted list represents? Can you please add a sentence before this list to explain what these three bulleted items represent?

Reviewer 2: I added a statement. Please review for accuracy.
